[testclient] Add new option --num-messages for consumer and reader (#12016)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-cli-tools.md

|`-v`, `--encryption-key-value-file`|The file which contains the private key to decrypt payload||
|`-h`, `--help`|Help message|false|
|`--conf-file`|Configuration file||

> |`-m`, `--num-messages`|Number of messages to consume in total. If <= 0, it will keep consuming.|0|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`-m`, `--num-messages`|Number of messages to consume in total. If the value is equal to or smaller than 0, it keeps consuming messages.|0|
```

Reviewer: Please keep consistent in other descriptions.

Author: done
